Application Form 3 (for single-year application)
Research Summary
Please summarize in 3 to 5 pages.
1.	Purpose
The mechatronic system is being used in many large, medium, and small industries or enterprises in Cambodia and in the world to assist the human force for production, but some industries are using the classical mechatronic system that can only monitor or connect to another device offline. One of the main requirements of IoT-based mechatronics is to communicate between hardware and software such as from PLC, Raspberry Pi, and devices to a website or application by Modbus protocol and internet. Presently, mechatronic systems in IoT networks are controlled and monitored via industrial HMI (human-machine interface) panels, consoles, web, or mobile applications. Using these conventional control and monitoring methods of mechatronic systems within IoT networks, this method may be fully satisfactory for smaller rooms. Since the list of devices fits on one screen, we can monitor the status and control these devices almost immediately. However, in the case of several rooms or buildings, which is the case of digital factories, ordinary ways of interacting with mechatronic systems become cumbersome. In such cases, there is the possibility to apply advanced digital technologies such as extended (computer-generated) reality. Using these technologies, digital (computer-generated) objects can be inserted into the real world. The aim of this research is to design and implementation of a new method for the control and monitoring of mechatronic systems using IoT.

2.	Overview
In the 21st, industry plays a special role. The Industrial Revolution School in the 18th had permit conditions in the factory. The first and foremost industries were water shortages and energy-intensive to manage and implement. Council of 20 Ambassadors We see a relationship in terms of project creation. The industrial sector has applied systems to factories, such as heavy industrial plants, processes that will increase production capacity and reduce costs, offering lower prices. We see industrial work and the birth of SCADA, which allows for "setting up a data management system". SCADA has support for information gathering and. It helps to keep stock of products and operational information to process or do.

The most exclusive communication in the 21 internets. The Internet is a system of communication between places, sharing information, sharing, and sharing. Also, the benefit of this system is shared communication.

A new term has been coined for the above process, which is called "Industrial Revolution 4.0" or IR4.0 for short, as 4.0 is the fourth generation of the industry. In short, IR 4.0 is the process of connecting an industry, factory, or factory to the Internet in a way that not only the sharing of information but even the factory hardware, such as the operation of sensors, motors, and light displays, is required. Connected to the Internet. All pneumatic or hydraulic components can be controlled or remotely operated from anywhere with an internet connection.

Now consider the scenario where the data of a car assembly line is connected to the internet. Data from the installation line is being updated online in real-time. Administrators or engineers with online installation rights can access and monitor its operations remotely from anywhere. Data from the installation line can be saved for documents, lot numbers, or product numbers can be tracked in real-time and managed as needed. An engineer can solve problems that may occur in that line and find a solution faster, although sometimes he can do it remotely. These are the exciting advantages of an internet-connected industry.

As mentioned above, it is important that we follow the current trends of industrial technology for the sake of productivity and efficiency.

In this research project, we propose to acquire data from industrial monitoring equipment known as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) to broadcast data to the Internet. Many newer PLCs also have servers for data storage and broadcasting, but most of them are very expensive and if we use them, it also means that we must change the hardware, which can increase the cost significantly. Many current industries and factories are still controlled by older-generation PLC controllers. So, one way to improve and improve this infrastructure is by using intermediate tools from IoT. We suggest using a device called Raspberry Pi. RPI is a single tablet, easy to use, low cost, and practical for research purposes. The device will read the data from the PLC via the selected communication method and then save it in memory. RPI also acts as a server for broadcasting to the Internet. Other devices can access its database online. This configuration ensures low cost to older infrastructure with the flexibility of modern systems.

Upon completion of this project, we hope to create a flexible and robust IoT infrastructure that can be used in electronic automation systems. With this approach, we sincerely hope that it can be turned into a commercial product or service that can serve not only educational institutions but also the private sector in Cambodia.